Add dbt_artifacts package to in the wild docs (#2504)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: docs/source/inthewild.rst

  being able automatically lint Pull Requests through GitHub Actions is a
  fantastic way to help us maintain our growing repositary of
  `over a thousand queries <https://github.com/HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org/tree/main/sql>`_.

> - `Brooklyn Data Co's <https://www.brooklyndata.co>`_ `dbt_artifacts <https://github.com/brooklyn-data/dbt_artifacts>`_
>   dbt package runs SQLFluff in CI to lint pull requests automatically. It uses
>   the `GitHub Actions workflow <https://github.com/sqlfluff/sqlfluff-github-actions/tree/main/menu_of_workflows/surfline>`_
>   contributed by Greg Clunies, with annotations on pull requests to make it easy
>   for contributors to see where their SQL has failed any rules. See an example
>   `here <https://github.com/brooklyn-data/dbt_artifacts/pull/74/files>`_.

Reviewer: Suggested rewording to:
- Break up two links together - difficult to see it's two links.
- Better link text than "here" 0 bad web practice.
This also fixes the linting error due to line lengths

```suggestion
- `Brooklyn Data Co <https://www.brooklyndata.co>`_ has a `dbt_artifacts <https://github.com/brooklyn-data/dbt_artifacts>`_
  dbt package from which runs SQLFluff in CI to lint pull requests
  automatically. It uses the
  `GitHub Actions workflow <https://github.com/sqlfluff/sqlfluff-github-actions/tree/main/menu_of_workflows/surfline>`_
  contributed by Greg Clunies, with annotations on pull requests to make it
  easy for contributors to see where their SQL has failed any rules. See an
  `example pull request with SQLFLuff annotations <https://github.com/brooklyn-data/dbt_artifacts/pull/74/files>`_.
```
